for many thousands of years the secret
was known only by a few there is a force
within and you were born with it
they call it Kundalini it lies down in
the sacrum bone at the base of your
spine
when the Kundalini is awakened it rises
through your spinal cord and
[Music]
how can you know the meaning of your
life if you're not connected to the
power of the creator
your food as a cool booties
[Music]
Nobel thought basically about peace its
absence award but I assure you that
peace is much more than absence award
until we have the inner peace in
ourselves we can never have an outer
peace in the world and the safest and
best way of finding world peace is to
have mass movements that includes all
religions and philosophies all
enterprises whether they are political
or scientific that's what we're talking
about tonight self-realization
what does self-realization means well it
means that we are realized in something
that what is the silky ladies and
gentlemen the self in us is the divine
cosmic powers that exists in each and
every individual but which is dormant in
most people around the world the
spiritual leaders from ancient laws they
knew about this and they spoke about it
but this secret of secret has been
suppressed deliberately until Shri
Mataji the great courage and great
wisdom being an old soul who decided by
herself to come back to the earth at
this critical time in our history in
order to share her knowledge and wisdom
which is the sahaja yoga which is
instant self-realization which is to
activate the dormant principle that we
all have the Kundalini
and have the Kundalini to raise up and
thus become what it says in the Bible or
[Music]
[Applause]
diciendo something quiet very contrary
lay kissed Oh Kyra Grande Amanda no no
just a Buddha responded the poorest pond
the relay chili you see at this time of
the world people are see especially when
the seek result they are seeking the
truth they are not interested in other
things but they just want to know what
is the absolute truth faith and that is
what I have done Shri Mataji oniton in
Cordele India vicino legit Adina porn el
estado Dell Maharashtra Judy I was born
like suna Nauticus in una familia comedy
molto Illuminata new padre aaron waugh
muy grande spiritual eita hukumat offer
parte del assembly Acosta 20 a foot boy
member Adel parlamento Cunha Shiva
multisim a lingua Iran grande studios Oh
mia madre estate owned a grande
mathematica when Shri Mataji reached the
age of 4 the family migrated to knock
for a much bigger town where she joined
the missionary school it was at Nagpur
that PK salary and his wife Cornelia
decided to join the Indian movement for
independence with full gustl the
decision brought about a sea change in
the lifestyle of the whole family from a
position of wealth and affluence thus
always voluntarily chose a life of
austerity we never crashed and never
grumbled and never said that our fathers
would have looked after us
and done something why did you get
sacrificed everything for the country
never never that quality was created I
should say by Matt McCauley he made
everybody so transformed into a new
personality I will say Gandhiji had a
special charm I don't know how he
managed he was like that took me does
just anybody he became transformers will
pod reporter Lavandera Gandhi cuando lay
Aaron Karuna bambina ill Matt Murray
cannot be called cosa eunuch only Ella
bambina Paso molto temper cantaloup in
Al Ahram I see my father had taken all
the children he said you have a big team
video he said my father said alright
it's all for your work she should
already give me one they picked me out
once I had to speak when I was seven
years of ways for math Akalis fasting
and I spoke to thousands of people and I
told them how we should forget about
caste system and how we should marry
each other
Mahatma Gandhi was extremely fond of
children and had a special affection for
the intelligent and quick-witted Nirmala
over the years the interaction she had
with the Mahatma shaped her ideas in
philosophy to quite an extent in sahaja
yoga you will find quite a bit of
Gandhian thinking throughout if you
study the play all these people were
brought up this one thing very common is
sacrifice young Malala was also seized
with the nationalistic zeal she was
always extremely energetic and was a
natural leader among her peers in 1942
during the quit India movement she
participated in many daring episodes of
picketing and was also part of an
underground group that carried out many
secret mission
because we were all college students and
we all wanted to stop the colleges then
some or other we bought into another
kind of mysterious active place to
distribute bulletins for them used to
call them bullets and sprayed disorder
among students that time students were
very alert that we should have our
independence we should be a free country
and people were not so dishonest that
they are now in the year 1947
PK's always was a member of the central
Legislative Assembly and daily while
nimbala was studying in her fourth year
of medicine at lapa nimbala Salvi and CP
she was though added in a simple civil
ceremony in the early years of her
marriage
Nirmala Salwa lived like a normal
housewife they soon had two lovely
daughters Kalpana and Sadhna and near
malas life was woven around their
upbringing in education shri mataji was
right beside CP service though she was
no silent housewife in fact she took
active interest in the affairs of the
state and was part of many a discussion
which eventually shaped the national
policy in the meanwhile shri mataji was
readying herself for a much larger role
in the world until now she had been an
excellent wife and a loving mother but
it was time to fulfill her true destiny
the deep questions of the universe and
the self had been knowing in her heart
for a long time on the 5th of May 1970
on a lonely Beach of närcon about 150
kilometers from Mumbai all of a sudden
she had an incredible moment of
self-realization and in that moment of
immense clarity she saw a vision of the
indescribable ultimate thus was born
sahaja yoga
a wonderful joyous means of achieving
self-realization a new way of life a
glittering path to happiness health and
the fulfillment of pure desires in 1974
mr. C P Shrivastav was elected as the
secretary-general of the International
Maritime Organization in London sahaja
yoga found an international platform it
all worked out by my husband should get
a job in England that I should go with
him there then I read people have that
kind he said fragrance of spirituality
with space
and soon the world began to discover the
amazing truth of shri mataji's teachings
starting with a few seekers she began to
help people get self-realization by
raising their Kundalini quigley cannot
simply to the lab rats Africa
sulemani Asura testa personal sorry to t
do le mani cozy tan t KD o vb need Ilkka
experience a unique ax delle realization
si en cuando energy a primordial IKEA
Mata Kundalini a Munira Coretta
reeseville yatta the Shri Mataji Oda
qualcuno altro cambogia spare a mentor
to a pro fundido questo States
approaches la Kundalini el energy de la
nostra she'sa con lo que tener la
strangle re Yamato degree C Sacro
they'll put her a Dell puro digital it's
the power of desire of the ultimate
desire the only desire the real desire
that we have within ourselves this is
the state where we should realize that
affluence
if it was our desire is not the real
desire because when we got the affluence
we should have been very happy and
joyous people but we are not and the
basics of economics is that bonds in
particular may be sizable but in general
they are never sizable means matter you
are not satisfied your words so what is
the world what is the seeking one
hannah's is hidden in this power and
that is the seeking to become one with
God the yoga the union with God this
power is to be shaken with you it is to
be awakened within you if it is awakened
within you it rise una volta is vaguely
italic underlined e c alsa spontaneous
Entei traverses a Gentry Cecilia mati
chakra cuando poi pass a traversal o sol
de la Fontaine
la Sulis omitted el capo sulemani see
poverty Runa Brett's a fresca barrel
desiderio free real early that's
evidence say al generamon
or Traverso sahaja yoga Shri Mataji a
via job instant qabil maintain total
mondo piranha non sono qui prend renew
Lada deprecated devotees
known so non-political sono qui per
Davila kiawe del of Australia Cape
sonogram devolution interior a system
manifest Aldo Silencio
Julio's stepper can be re Lynn taro
money
[Music]
Brenda takuna be boosted see would you
please welcome the lady acclaimed as
India's greatest living saint the mother
of sahaja yoga shri mataji say what is
sahaja yoga sahaja Saha means with Ja is
born with within us is the power which
can give us the status of a spirit we
are not yet the spirit we are at a human
level and in the evolutionary process we
have to now have the breakthrough to
become the spirit when you become the
spirit the light of the spirit guides
you you become your own master you
become your own guru you don't have to
have any guru product how do you think
that people have arrived in so many
conclusions that they call religions and
what is the connection between this way
of approaching ourselves the truth which
is one and your old tradition in your
country which I assume is India but it
is not just a certificate you cannot
take just a certificate and a born-again
it is something that
actualizes by which you develop a new
state a new state of your mind state of
your being by which you become the
spirit and there are powers of the
spirit which you manifest it's not just
talking and giving sermons and lectures
but it is something that's an
actualization is a living process I
think we Greeks belong to the what we
call the East part of philosophy of
religions this is a system which is
mostly esoteric it was seeking inside I
think this is quite relevant and close
to the very ancient Indian tradition now
how close do you think very old
religious systems are and written about
the the pagan our own ancestors before
Christianity
even the Jewish or all the other Hindu
Buddhist and the rest you know this
especially in Greece you had the ancient
system of worshipping the goddess Athena
now in Sandstrom is the primordial so to
us is a primordial mother that we call
in our language as Adi Shakti is the
primordial mother and she has a mustard
see a snake in a shield and also in our
hand that is the symbol of this power
within you which lies dormant in your
triangular bone called as sacrum so the
weeks knew no because otherwise they
would not have father Athena in our
scriptures this is called as many two
babies at the level of the universe
certainly it was a surprise for me to
see that you come here to preach our own
ancient gods
what are you telling us about Athena is
that the serpents serpents with Greek
gods are very familiar creatures having
do with medicine what is the message of
Athena coming from you again nowadays
fear into the fontanel bone of Xia's now
that's exactly what sahaja Yoga is this
power which we call as Kundalini because
it is like a serpent we said energy that
moves like a cell fantasy world symbolic
it is not the serpent recommendation
this is the power which is the
reflection of Athena within us and when
she Rises she goes and hits here and
opens out your fontanel bone that's
actualization of the baptism as
describing two-channel by that then you
are connected with that subtle energy
which is all-pervading for the first
time you start feeling that cool breeze
in your hand which is described is the
feel breeze of the Holy Ghost Holy Ghost
is the same as Athena but I think
Christians could not connect it with
that is the same you have referred to
yoga and of course in this part of the
world
more or less familiar now for those who
are less I would like you to give us
some ideas about the wide spectrum of
what we would call yoga yoga is where
you goodnight is the union between your
self with the divine is that's the real
spiritual yoga all other yoga's like
physical yoga are all that in a we part
of what one Patanjali wrote is a very we
part that to cleanse your body and all
that there people used to get
self-realization all right but one
master had only one decide gradually
started in a way that they started
talking about it from the I think
twelfth century became more open when
they started talking about it they
couldn't give ammas realization so the
only thing that I have done is to work
out the permutations and combinations of
human nature by which I have understood
how to give our masse realization and
that's the only achievement of modern
sahaja yoga it's not realize the ancient
system in India also must have been here
because the way the sacrum bone is there
and she is having all those things but
the practice of that may not have been
so open might have been secretive in
those days where they were giving
realization to people and it's ancient
times thousands of years back so but in
India we have still maintained all those
movies okay try photo público kassig
with olive any mentor career cetera
ginger Ella Kundalini Sharon Wong kiri
bambini or ascend Tiamo empirical ozo is
so tipo de yoga Tara Bambino yoga de la
familia or purush equality Riskin and
Fatima request a Kundalini not at all
children do it much better they are the
best but they have to be realized Souls
there are many children who are born
realized
now we are facing little children they
are the ones who are going to lead
humanity into some great advancement the
humanity has to be looked after
they are tomorrow's humanity and we are
today's and what are we giving to them
for them to follow what is their aim in
life
very very difficult to say but with the
sahaja yoga they will all go in the
proper way
another thing is you should not use
things made by machines so much try to
avoid as far as these machines have
created so many problems for us we
should wear something that is made by
hand or by people who are using small
little sort of you can call ordinary
machines which does not require so much
of smoke to come up we should be very
conscious of ecological problems as
sahaja Yogi's
every variable you find so much of
pollution so much of pollution how to
fight this pollution is to be paying
attention to the ecology are we
producing all those things which is
spoiling the atmosphere they are
responsible we have to do it who is
going to do it we have to look after the
atmosphere which is filled with all
nonsensical things and take to a
lifestyle which lifestyle will be
simpler by which we don't give so many
so many vehicles are so many things
which are creating problems there are so
many ways by which we can really be very
supportive of this ecological problem
because it is a part of her part of her
responsibility
[Applause]
the migration captain if you are really
seeking the truth this is the best time
when at the end of this voluminous
you can really understand what is the
truth is well Casey siete de Richard
Kotori genuine e della verita questa è
veramente lo Cascio nay a crystalline a
millennia their scope Rijeka cosa stiamo
Marita by becoming the said it what
happens is that you're gonna get
connected to the all-pervading divine
power a traversal quest approaches annoy
the event yarmulke Nessie kono quest
opoutere Divino only per Valenta they
have talked about it I've talked in all
the religions about this divine power
the quilted early journey of escritorio
no per lotto but nobody has been able to
really explain how to reach there when
as soon as a Tamiya grado
this Pagar echo may arrive I request Oh
tipo di kinesio to achieve that it's a
possibility very questa Einstein has
talked about Einstein never lotto
he says that there's a torsion area
beyond our mind
yep Erato d une ariane campo de tournay
Casey stay ultra al de la de la nostra
mental and the ideas come from the
torsion area ladies are holy spirit
Sione cheap revenge erotic West Ocampo
detours yoni and when it comes from
torsion area the scientist can work it
out they can find out they should not
live only on the rational plane they
prepare a quest Ocampo dieter sera que
decency artist se o tangora del Oro
spirit CAI que le vélo scientific Oh
they can verify a papasano verificar a
pirate air camera he's himself said that
the theory of relativity dawned upon him
from the torsion ik einstein state so
I'm s okay Krista third latavia the
relativity yeah / venue to procure the
question get their ideas from the
torsion area
yeah sure Matt okay llama Durant's
adenosine Ciotti
enter into the torsion area okay
Dell or alumina theory which our van
Gogh request Ocampo detour Sione monofin
atom and important
listen Chakiris keiko-san open sato two
of them very very prominent very
prominent people came to my program it
is savvy to Assisi shamoto famosa
Cassano on Dottie and programa de
strategy and they were looking out for
this torsion area equality put was
stubborn of agenda demerit shelters
would come a little sooner and they saw
in my photograph hey I know visto
propios latest addition Odyssey the
Lelouch E Casey Minerva no they also
felt the cool breeze coming out of their
heads apoyo Nocenti Toa forty breaths a
fresca a proven Eva
testa i'm they were amazed and they
openly declared that I am the source of
cosmic energy y'know Ducato public
comment a Casey Mataji la Sergent della
energy a cosmic ax LSO factionalism
energetic on epithelium kala Technica
Kamata eletric upon torah Segundo fol de
encuesta Perico misery amo energy a
present a sua Meridiani
by questa pacientes de la Misurata yoni
Posse amo capira say
opportunity I'm gonna normally flew so
the energy crystal Quadra general apathy
enter vessel the unluckiest will be
effect to our the second diploma
questo test and fashion totally Romano
Christopher need a photo a photo shri
mataji Megan Oceano
our question is salmonella patent an
endo tenant in the manifest a photo your
own sake is here Westar persona
Rowena was incredible were that in any
forensic Premal test the sensor photo
first led Forenza trade we test
incredible chest a dog well cause I got
more difficult was tough in Afghanistan
affair table shape or a threat to this
which is Sunnah de la pasión terrorism
yeah
impossible where that the de facto
gaseous a movie can be amo say no Yama
folio you wanna see us in possibly
Westham a key on a Mac in a la varita
that's all double for so far valerian
una cosa too impractical Apache ended or
Nagoya free Quinn diesel Tonto actor
named Manuel afford or about Center
Gambia deterring see a percent a questa
Akuma selfish etc Pia confirming a chair
effect or the regular in that zone in
the Lada Leonard jr. - Nevada
Oh cinnamon tea ceremony Stan pero la
pasión the top 10 mobile photo see
normally in theory for tengo esta foto
Sempra do so is a systemic regulatory
say regular internal Isola sensor
pharmacy curious the same problem
OSS which assume I cannot refer to when
I was a legend Quist object or check
what Kiyosaki altaira
pochamma release to the the Lycians that
you see son of informality we stomach
[Applause]
[Music]
una dia $50 value dela Kundalini static
well ODI Utara persona fetter the
dependence attitude TPP the lalala la
droga culpa to the Malatya con el dia
beta L can crow so no static compute is
tradition TV
Keanu most rattle effective physiologic
she is a yoga coma for madam editor she
own
ultras to the Animus trot resulted in
Malta interesante in particular should
do a specific Malati la le purr tension
equilibria del oppression all terrific
otoko non exceedence my prima constitute
canal tree for Madeira la semaine to
minute and see how they wakening of good
Alina cures a curable diseases parish
realizes she passes through your subtle
centers just six above the kundalini by
which she mentions those centers that's
how you get cured physically mentally
mostly all our problems come from human
beings and the human beings problems
come from their centers so if these
centers are nourished
there all right that is how it works
[Music]
[Applause]
to find out about yourself about others
in the medication how to do meditation
many people ask don't do anything to
just go into thoughtless world if you
can get into that condition of
thoughtless awareness you turn in your
job because that's the point where you
are the truth with the reality with the
joy with everything that is so good on
meditation is something silencing
yourself silencing your thoughts and
going to that deep ocean which is within
yourself if you are in thoughtless
awareness what happens to you is that
you get the confidence looking at
anything if you are thoughtlessly aware
then you really become reflective about
just works out that way
I don't know how far you can remain in
that condition but even for a second you
can achieve it the star achieving it
[Music]
very important to become thoughtlessly
aware because then there are no thoughts
coming from the left or right from the
present or the future just in the
present you are there it's something you
all have start that we I'm saying that
to you but all of you have this my
father used to ask me what do you
breathe I said I want to meet all the
seekers of the world that's what I want
all over the world all the nations
[Music]
this is a method of your own City
the time has come for all of you to
become a wine
[Music]
enjoy yourself make others enjoy
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
you